INTRODUCTION: 
            This project gives the overview that how to create a digital clock using C language. Actually this project is for beginners, 
            who just learn to code and want to implement it in actual application. So this system is basically for some practical purpose. 
            There is a small program and we can code it just in 15 minutes. Declare three variables for an hour, minutes and for AM or PM.
	    
           A digital clock is a type of clock that displays the time digitally (i.e. in numerals or other symbols), as opposed to an analogue clock.
Digital clocks are often associated with electronic drives, but the "digital" description refers only to the display, not to the drive mechanism. 
(Both analogue and digital clocks can be driven either mechanically or electronically, but "clockwork" mechanisms with digital displays are rare).

CONSTRUCTION:
         Digital clocks typically use the 50 or 60 hertz oscillation of AC power or a 32,768 hertz crystal oscillator as in a quartz clock to keep time. 
Most digital clocks display the hour of the day in 24-hour format; in the United States and a few other countries, a commonly used hour sequence 
option is 12-hour format (with some indication of AM or PM). Some timepieces, such as many digital watches, can be switched between 12-hour 
and 24-hour modes. Emulations of analog-style faces often use an LCD screen, and these are also sometimes described as "digital".

DISPLAY:
	To represent the time, most digital clocks use a seven-segment LED, VFD, or LCD for each of four digits. They generally also include 
other elements to indicate whether the time is AM or PM, whether or not an alarm is set, and so on. Older digital clocks used numbers painted 
on wheels, or split-flap display.

USES:
	Because digital clocks can be very small and inexpensive devices that enhance the popularity of product designs, they are often incorporated 
into all kinds of devices such as cars, radios, televisions, microwave ovens, standard ovens, computers and cell phones. Sometimes their usefulness is 
disputed: a common complaint is that when time has to be set to Daylight Saving Time, many household clocks have to be readjusted. The incorporation 
of automatic synchronization by a radio time signal is reducing this problem (see Radio clock).

REFERENCE:

1.  "DEPATISnet | DEPATISnet-Startseite". depatisnet.dpma.de. Retrieved 2021-11-08.

2.  "Home page". JosefPallweber.com. Archived from the original on 2015-10-01. Retrieved 2015-11-07.

3. Churm, Thomas M. (November 5, 2013). "A Short History of Digital Clocks and Watches". Alarm Clock Blog. Archived from the original on March 1, 2016. Retrieved 2016-02-28.

4. Imperial Patent Office (October 27, 1890). "Patent No. 54093" (PDF). German Patent and Trademark Office (in German). Retrieved 2015-11-07.

5. "Is digital more precise?". The German Clock Museum. April 2015. Archived from the original on 2015-09-23. Retrieved 2015-11-07.

6. US2768332A, Protzmann, Donald E.; Phaneuf, Edgar A. & Doyle, Malcolm G., "Timing device", issued 1956-10-23

7. "The History of the Digital Watch". h2g2. April 30, 2003. Archived from the original on November 6, 2015. Retrieved 2015-11-07.

8.  "Radio Controlled LED Alarm Clock Instruction Manual — SM2442" (PDF). Zeon Ltd. Archived from the original (DOC) on 2016-03-03. Retrieved 2015-11-07.


SWOT ANALYSIS:
1. Strength
	1. Design of the clocky is very unique as compared to other alarm clocks. It has been outfitted with wheels which cannot be found in any other alarm clocks.
	2. Every alarm clock has a function which is all the same. But clocky has a function which is different from other clocks. It allows itself to hide in order to force 
	the owner to wake and find it.
	3. Technology used in clocky was new to each and every person. Even to those clock companies which were clocky's competitor.

2. Weakness
	1. Price of clock is high as compared to other docks. Nobody would waste More for a clock which they can get at just less price.
	2. Quality of clock was a big concern. Clock was made of plastic or chrome body which can be easily broken.

3. Opportunities
	1. As Elie Ofek said that people had intimate relationship with their clock, but they generally hate it. Because they put the snooze button on to get extra sleep. 
	2. Clock managed to change this behaviour.
	3. Clock was altogether a new product which was never been made before. So company had an opportunity to attract consumers to buy clock.

4. Threat
	1. Clock had many competitors in the market, which made it a threat.
	2. High price of clock was a big problem as people wouldn't buy an alarm clock that would cost.

SOLUTIONS:
1. Price
	There are different pricing methods through which price of a product is fixed. They lowered it after they saw fall in sales. This problem would have been 
	easily solved.

2. Quality
	Clock is made of platic or chrome material. These materials can be easily broken on impact or shock. A new material at cheap price should have been used 
	to manufacture clock. This would have also reduced the cost of clock.

3. Market
	Clock was first introduced through small stored & speciality boutiques, which didn't do enough publicity of the product. As people with high income source 
	mainly go to mega stores which are mainly in malls would have done easy publicity to major population.

4. Flattened Sales
	The sale of clock was flattened because of its high price. If the price was reduced in the first year itself, then the sales would have increased. Introducing new
	product line would have also increased sales.

5. Revenue
	Introducing new product line could also increase the company's revenue.

4 W's AND 1H's:
WHO -
	Every type of people can use this clock.
	
WHAT -
	A digital clock is an alternative to a traditional analogue clock. This type of clock shows numbers to display the time in a digital format, such as on a watch, phone 
	or an alarm clock.

WHEN -
	In every moment people can use the clock. 

WHERE -
	Because digital clocks can be very small and inexpensive devices that enhance the popularity of product designs, they are often incorporated into all kinds of devices 
	such as cars, radios, televisions, microwave ovens, standard ovens, computers and cell phones.

HOW -
	Digital clocks typically use the 50 or 60 hertz oscillation of AC power or a 32,768 hertz crystal oscillator as in a quartz clock to keep time. ... Emulations of analog-style 
	faces often use an LCD screen, and these are also sometimes described as "digital".

HIGH LEVEL RREQUIREMENTS:
	Very High Speed IC Hardware Description Language (VHDL) is one of the modern languages used in designing digital circuits. It can be used in programming 
	Field Programmable gate arrays (FPGAs) and Application Specific Integrated Circuits (ASICs).This paper presents the design of a digital clock using Very High 
	Speed Hardware Description Language in a Xilinx ISE 10.1 environment. The designed clock has the functionalities time, alarm, stopwatch and date. The clock 
	format can be changed from 24 hours to 12 hours and vice versa. After the design, testing was done on a Spartan-3-FPGA and all units were found to be performing 
	the desired functions.

LOW LEVEL RREQUIREMENTS:
	Low power chip requirement in the VLSI industry is main considerable field due to the reduction of chip dimension day by day and environmental factors. In this 
	paper various low power techniques at Gate level, Architecture level and different tradeoffs between different clock distribution schemes like as single driver clock 
	scheme and distributed buffers clock scheme are reviewed. Here it is also tried to showing various effects of particular clock distribution scheme such as clock skew, 
	clock jitter etc. 
	
