1. Strength
	  1. Design of the clocky is very unique as compared to other alarm clocks. It has been outfitted with wheels which cannot be found in any other alarm clocks.
	  2. Every alarm clock has a function which is all the same. But clocky has a function which is different from other clocks. It allows itself to hide in order to force 
	      the owner to wake and find it.
	  3. Technology used in clocky was new to each and every person. Even to those clock companies which were clocky's competitor.

2. Weakness
	  1. Price of clock is high as compared to other docks. Nobody would waste More for a clock which they can get at just less price.
	  2. Quality of clock was a big concern. Clock was made of plastic or chrome body which can be easily broken.

3. Opportunities
	  1. As Elie Ofek said that people had intimate relationship with their clock, but they generally hate it. Because they put the snooze button on to get extra sleep. 
	  2. Clock managed to change this behaviour.
	  3. Clock was altogether a new product which was never been made before. So company had an opportunity to attract consumers to buy clock.

4. Threat
	   1. Clock had many competitors in the market, which made it a threat.
	   2. High price of clock was a big problem as people wouldn't buy an alarm clock that would cost.

SOLUTIONS:

1. Price
	  There are different pricing methods through which price of a product is fixed. They lowered it after they saw fall in sales. This problem would have been 
	  easily solved.

2. Quality
	   Clock is made of platic or chrome material. These materials can be easily broken on impact or shock. A new material at cheap price should have been used 
	  to manufacture clock. This would have also reduced the cost of clock.

3. Market
	  Clock was first introduced through small stored & speciality boutiques, which didn't do enough publicity of the product. As people with high income source 
	  mainly go to mega stores which are mainly in malls would have done easy publicity to major population.

4. Flattened Sales
	   The sale of clock was flattened because of its high price. If the price was reduced in the first year itself, then the sales would have increased. Introducing new
	  product line would have also increased sales.

5. Revenue
	  Introducing new product line could also increase the company's revenue.
